prevent XSS and MitM through insecure cookie usage (#54)
glpi-project/doc-install: source/prerequisites.rst

    session.auto_start = off ;
    session.use_trans_sid = 0 ; // not mandatory but recommended

The following settings may be added to harden security:

.. code-block:: ini

>     session.cookie_secure=on ;   // please enable if GLPI is hosted via TLS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    session.cookie_secure=on ;   // not mandatory but recommended; must be defined to "on" only when GLPI is served exclusively in HTTPS
```
